Welcome, in this video, I want to compare the differences and the similarities
between individual accounts and organizations.
First of all, I'm currently logged into GitHub, and if I click on the octocat icon,
I will return to the newsfeed page.
I'm currently on my user account's newsfeed page, and if you're somewhere else,
you can click on your user id to make sure that your newsfeed page shows up.
One similarity that individual accounts and organizations have
is the concept of a newsfeed page, which shows you recent activity,
and gives you high level access to the repositories
that are part of the individual account or the organization's account.
Organizations also have a listing of repositories that they manage.
If I switch back over to my personal account, I also have my repositories,
and the only difference here is that I have access to repositories
that I have read and write access to, which includes the one that's underneath
the organization that we just created. I can go to a profile page
that gives me high level statistics about my individual user.
On a similar note, if I return to my newsfeed page
and then select my organization under the dropdown,
I can view the organization's profile page by clicking on view, the organization name.
This is the same concept, although it has different information.
If I click on "View profile", under my user account I have settings.
Underneath settings, I do have an option for organizations.
This allows us to manage our relationship to organizations we've created,
or that we're otherwise a part of. Also, underneath personal settings,
you have a link to organization settings. This organization settings will list
all organizations that you're currently a part of,
and will take you to that organization's settings page.
Doing so, we can see the settings and organizational profile for this particular organization.
Alright, at this point, we can click on the name of the organization,
and that returns us back to the public organization's profile page.
So, you can see that the organization and the individual user
share many things in common, but they also have distinct differences.